Update docs (#117)
makinacorpus/DbToolsBundle: docs/content/getting-started/basics.md

You could run `console db-tools:restore` to populate your database from the
freshly downloaded backup file. But in doing so, you will end up with sensitive
data on your machine, which is not what you want:
* First of all, because in most cases that's **illegal**
  (in UE for example, because of **GDPR**).

> * Secondly because you just don't want to know personal data from your
>   (or your client's) customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Secondly because you just don't want to know personal data from your
  clients or your client's clients.
```

Learn more about how to configure Anonymization in the [dedicated section](../anonymization/essentials).
:::

According to GDPR recommendations, **sensitive data should never transit on an unsecured environment**.
Then, running the anonymization on our local development environment might not be compliant.
We should therefore, for example, perform this task on the preproduction environment.

::: tip
[Learn more about a good GDPR-friendly workflow](../anonymization/workflow).
:::

```sh
console db-tools:anonymize path/to/my_backup.dump
```

Once the command has succeeded, `path/to/my_backup.dump` will be fully anonymized. You will be free

> to download and restore it to your local environment without any security concerns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to download and restore it on your local environment without any security concerns.
```

::: info

> We know that a slow anonymization process can be a pain in the ass. That's why a meticulous work has been

Reviewer: > a pain in the ass

:scream:

Author: yeah don't know if you keep this or not

Author: ```suggestion
We know that a slow anonymization process can be real pain. That's why a meticulous work has been
```
